Update New-AzContainerGroup & New-AzContainerGroupVolumeObject description in generation (#17551)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/ContainerInstance/docs/New-AzContainerGroup.md

```

## DESCRIPTION

> Create or update container groups with specified configurations. For a in-memory object, currently, we support mounting Azure File share as a volume or specifying git repository as volume directory. The empty directory volume and secret volume are not supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create or update container groups with specified configurations. For property Volume, we support mounting Azure File share as a volume or specifying git repository as volume directory. The empty directory volume and secret volume are not supported yet.
```
